Create azureBlobUpload (#3766)
SAP/jenkins-library: documentation/docs/steps/azureBlobUpload.md

# ${docGenStepName}

## ${docGenDescription}

## Prerequisites

* Before you can access Azure Storage, you will need an Azure subscription. If you do not have a subscription, create an [account](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/).

> * The step azureBlobUpload currently supports only authentication via Shared Access Signature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* This step currently only supports authentication via Shared Access Signature (SAS).
```

> * You can generate a SAS token from the Azure Portal under [Shared access signature](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/rest/api/storageservices/create-service-sas).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You can generate a SAS token from the Azure Portal under [Create a service SAS](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/rest/api/storageservices/create-service-sas).
```

> * The SAS Token must allow the actions "Write" and "Create" for the specified Azure Blob Storage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The SAS token must allow the actions "Write" and "Create" for the specified Azure Blob Storage.
```

## Set up the Azure Credentials

To make your Azure credentials available to the jenkins library, store them as Jenkins credentials of type "Secret Text". The "Secret Text" must be in JSON format and contain the "account_name", "container_name", as well as the "sas_token".

For Example:

```JSON
{
  "account_name": "asdfg12345jhgfdwertz4et5",
  "container_name": "abcde-lkjhg-qwertzui-fghj-9876-1234-7594rbnsmncx-xyz",
  "sas_token": "sig=1234567890wertzuiopaYXCVBNMASDsdfghjkloi1234567890qwedf%1993-12-15opphehttpsqtgcshje1234-aqwe-1234-5678-t57894u875LH2%nv23"
}
```

> If the JSON string contains additional information, this is not a problem. These are automatically detected and skipped.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the JSON string contains additional information, this is not a problem. These are skipped.
```

## About Files/Directories to Upload

> With the step azureBlobUpload you can upload single files as well as whole directories into your Azure Storage. File formats do not matter and directory structures are preserved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this step you can upload single files as well as whole directories into your Azure Storage. File formats do not matter and directory structures are preserved.
```
